Now that you have created your
cluster, loaded in the data,
and even created the first
user for your database,
it is time to explore the
Atlas interface a little more.
There are two navigation
panels, one at the top
and one on the
left of the screen.
The top navigation panel
allows you to access services
like charts and realms,
which we'll discuss later
in the last chapter
of this course.
The left navigation panel will
pertain more to the cluster
management itself.
Here, you can manage the
security settings and clusters
that you have as
part of this project.
There are other features
here in the Atlas UI
which we will discuss later.
For now, let's focus on
this brand new cluster
that we created.
Mine is called sandbox.
In this course, we will interact
with our cluster and data
in two different ways.
One way is through
the Data Explorer,
which you can navigate to
by clicking the Collections
button.
This displays the
databases and collections
that you have in your cluster.
We will use this extensively
and go into more details
in the following chapters.
The other way we will
interact with this cluster
is through the shell, which we
will use in the next exercise.
Hit the Connect button.
If you haven't created a
user that is allowed access
to your cluster yet, then you
will be prompted to do so,
as well as to add any IP address
that should be allowed access
to this database.
For this course, you can
add 0.0.0.0 as the IP
to the access list, which will
allow access from anywhere.
Then create a user.
The username should be
m001-student, with the password
m001-mongodb-basics.
When you're done with adding the
IP address to the access list
and creating a user,
you can move on
to connecting to your cluster.